Add overview page to documentation (#200)
event-driven-io/emmett: src/docs/overview.md

# Overview

> Everything you need to know about Emmet and Event Sourcing.

Reviewer: **COMMENT:** Later on in Overview, we should probably do more information like I did once in Marten (so what it is and main features) https://martendb.io/introduction.html#what-is-marten.

But this can go as a follow-up.

## First steps

If you are new to Emmet or Event Sourcing, no problem.

The [Getting Started](/getting-started) guide will help you with your first Emmet project.

## Getting help

If you need help or got stuck, feel free to ask on the [Emmet Community Discord Server](https://discord.gg/fTpqUTMmVa).

## API reference

The [API reference](/api-docs) provides you with definitions and insights of Emmets core building blocks:

- **Events** are the centerpiece of event-sourced systems. They represent both critical points of the business process but are also used as the state.

> - **Commands** represent the intent to record a business operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Commands** represent the intent to perform a business operation.
```

- **Event Store** for recording events

> - **Command Handlers** aggregate several events from the event store into a single object to perform the intended business operation, resulting in one or more events to record the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Command Handlers** are responsible for handling business logic. They read events from the event store for specific events and build a decision model. Then, check business rules and perform the intended business operation, resulting in one or more events to record the change.
```

## How the documenantation is organized

> Currently documentation for Emmet is spread across several places: This website, the Emmet Discord and quite a few blog articles.

Reviewer: **COMMENT:** Maybe we could link those articles here? Thoughts. And tell something along the lines:

> You can also find more information about Emmett in those articles. We're working on including all the knowledge centralised in this website.

Then, what you did below.

@tburny, thoughts?

Author: I'd rather keep the overview page concise. My idea would be to have "Further reading sections" at the bottom of the documentation pages that link to the respective blog articles relevant in that context.

As a first step we can have such a section in the overview and migrate them from there.

Author: Just added the link in a "Further reading" section so they are at least somewhere in the documentation.

Reviewer: Makes sense to me, thanks for doing it :+1:
